the charismatic Maria de Lourdes
valdivieso tells us the multiple
activities to which it is dedicated after
his absence on the small screen is
working very much from my company I have a
producer of water events consulting
surely image is a little bit of
marketing was between these people and
I direct a newspaper to journalists
many years and the work is the
communication has always exercised
from the sidewalk of the show
but now I'm a little bit in the truth
material today I'm doing journalism
runs newspaper at this time we are
online and like any good student
Maloney took the opportunity to follow a
mastery I'm studying according to
association a second career that is
teaches international and diplomas and
right now I am in all the half of
my career so when I finish the
expertise if you try international and
diplomacy social work is something
fundamental in a life of the beautiful
presenter was always very close
the social work I
and now in these times that thanks to
nothing the opportunity sport
help us either for my son either by
medium of other entities to which
it also helped particularly I help
to many people and that has always
open many doors does not rule out the
opportunity to return to television
with new projects and if there
opportunities the truth what happens is
that in this moment of life where
where I tell myself right now that I'm in
a level of preparation this is and
academic I'm studying and my work
and the activities and the children and the mother
and the house then to you there are
dedicate a lot of time to the public
They claim and tell us about their passion
for acting as for being
presenter and it makes it difficult for me
questions what same favorites I would
I want to do the whole truth and kill
a character for me has always been a
Escape is acting the people who act
is the most the truth is that unfold
to leave from your problem and enter
another interpret another story another
life is truly rewarding is a
balsam leave your life next door and do
another thing but it's also nice in
screen do yourself and like yourself
how is your name as your person
all maluly as liszt this reflect your
also nice life for eric aware
to valverde